feat(cli): Support setting configuration from files and STDIN (#8228)
meltano/meltano: docs/docs/reference/command-line-interface.md

meltano config <plugin> set --interactive --store=dotenv
```

> ### How to use: File's content as config value
> 
> To enable users to define a configuration value from an external file proves especially valuable for storing complex data like multiline strings or other values located within a separate file. Apart for strings, setting can be an object or array and it would be deserialized accordingly
> 
> Setting config from file supports the same options as the direct `set` command (i.e. `--extras` and `--store=`).
> 
> ```bash
> # File content "info"
> # Configure plugin by passing file as argument
> meltano config <plugin> set nested.setting --from_file - ./file.txt
> 
> # Configure plufin by passing the content of file as stdin
> cat file.txt | meltano config <plugin> set nested.setting --from_file -
> 
> # File content {"setting": "info"}
> # Configure plugin by passing file as argument
> meltano config <plugin> set nested --from_file - ./file.txt
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
### How to use: Read setting value from a file

The `--from-file` option can be used to read a configuration value from a file or a piped external process. This is specially useful for storing complex data like multiline strings, or passing a value generated by a different command line application.

* Settings of [kind](/reference/plugin-definition-syntax/#settingskind) `object` or `array` will be deserialized accordingly.
* The special filename `-` can be used to read from `STDIN`.

```bash
# Set setting `<name>` to the contents of `./file.txt`.
meltano config <plugin> set <name> --from-file ./file.txt

# Set setting `<name>` to the value returned by `uuidgen`.
uuidgen | meltano config <plugin> set <name> --from-file -
```
````
